Support `Option` and `Result` in typed paths (#1001)
tokio-rs/axum: axum-extra/CHANGELOG.md

# Unreleased

> - **fixed:** `Option` and `Result` are now supported in typed paths ([#1001])

Reviewer: This sounds like it's about fields inside the type that derives `TypedPath`. Maybe sth. like this? 

```suggestion
- **fixed:** `Option` and `Result` are now supported in typed path route handler parameters ([#1001])
```
